---
title: Using of Entity Attestation Token in the Bootstrapping Remote Secure Key Infrastructure
abbrev: brski-food
docname: draft-richardson-anima-rats-brski-food

# stand_alone: true

ipr: trust200902
area: Internet
wg: RATS Working Group
kw: Internet-Draft
cat: std

coding: utf-8
pi:    # can use array (if all yes) or hash here
  toc: yes
  sortrefs:   # defaults to yes
  symrefs: yes

author:

- ins: M. Richardson
  name: Michael Richardson
  org: Sandelman Software Works
  email: mcr+ietf@sandelman.ca

normative:
  BCP14: RFC8174
  RFC8995:
  I-D.ietf-rats-eat: eat
  I-D.ietf-rats-architecture:

informative:
  RFC7030:

--- abstract

This document explains to transport an Entity Attestation Token in the Bootstrapping Remote Secure Key Infrastructure.
This allows an enterprise to verify the security posture of a device before onboarding the device into the Enterprises' network.

--- to_be_removed_note_Discussion_Venues

Discussion of this document takes place on the
RATS and ANIMA Working Group mailing lists: anima@ietf.org, and rats@ietf.org.

Source for this draft and an issue tracker can be found at <https://github.com/mcr/brski-food>.

--- middle

# Introduction

{{RFC8995}} describes the Bootstrapping Remote Secure Key Infrastructure, or BRSKI onboarding mechnism.
An important consideration that a many organizations have is to assess the security posture of a device before allowing the device to be onboarding.

{{I-D.ietf-rats-architecture}} describes a number of Topological Patterns, including the Passport Model and the Background-Check Model.
This document describes a background-check model using Entity Attestation Tokens ({{-eat}}) carried in the BRSKI voucher-request and voucher.

In this model, the Attester is the BRSKI pledge.
The Relying Party is the BRSKI Registrar.
The Verifying is the BRSKI Manufacturer Authorized Signing Authority (MASA).

The MASA is loaded through proprietary methods by the manufacturing with Endorsements, References Values and Appraisal Policy for Evidence.

Evidence is carried by EAT through the Registrar using the Pledge Voucher Request (PVR).
The voucher that results carries the results of the Verifier back to the Registrar, who, acting for the onboarding Enterprise is the Relying Party.

{::bolerplate bcp14-tagged}

# Privacy Considerations

YYY

# Security Considerations

ZZZ

# IANA Considerations

# Acknowledgements

Hello.

# Changelog


--- back

